Correct DR docs and include MWR example (#329)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Oracle Jobs/Job Types/direct_request.md

- `$(jobRun.logTopics)`: the log's topics (`indexed` fields).
- `$(jobRun.logData)`: the log's data (non-`indexed` fields).

> **Single Word Example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Single-Word Example**
```

These sections should also use header tagging, but we can update that in a followup CL later.

}
```

> Its called a "single word" response because aside from the requestID, the fulfill callback only receives a single word argument (the `uint256 answer`) .A direct request job using the following pipeline could be used to fulfill this request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a single word response because aside from the `requestID`, the fulfill callback receives only a single word argument in the `uint256 answer`. You can fulfill this request with a direct request job using the following pipeline:
```

fetch [type="http" url="$(decode_cbor.fetchURL)" method="get"]
parse [type="jsonparse" path="$(decode_cbor.jsonPath)" data="$(fetch)"]

// Finally, we send a response on-chain.

> // Note single word responses automatically populate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Note that single-word responses automatically populate
```

submit_tx  [type=ethtx to="0x613a38AC1659769640aaE063C651F48E0250454C" data="$(encode_tx)"]
```

**Multi word example**

> 

Reviewer: Can we get a short description sentence to explain the difference for multi vs single?

```sol
contract MyClient is ChainlinkClient {
    function doRequest(uint256 _payment) public {
        Chainlink.Request memory req = buildChainlinkRequest(specId, address(this), this.fulfill.selector);
        req.add("urlUSD", "https://datafeed.xyz/ethusd");
        req.add("pathUSD", "data");
        req.add("urlEUR", "https://datafeed.xyz/etheur"));
        req.add("pathEUR", "data");
        req.add("urlJPY", "https://datafeed.xyz/ethjpy");
        req.add("pathJPY", "data");
        requestOracleData(req, _payment); // MWR API.
    }

    function fulfill(bytes32 requestID, uint256 usd, uint256 eur, uint256 jpy) public {
        // ...
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we get a short description sentence to explain the difference in the job between single and multi?

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jpv2
```

I think this is JPV2?

> ype                = "directrequest"

Reviewer: Looks like this is cut off unintentionally?

submit_tx  [type=ethtx to="0x613a38AC1659769640aaE063C651F48E0250454C" data="$(encode_tx)"]
```

> **Multi word example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Multi-Word Example**
```

> Say a user wants to obtain the ETH price quoted against 3 different fiat currencies. If they were only using single word DR jobs, it would require 3 different requests. To make that more efficient they use multi word responses as shown below to do it all in a single request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that a user wants to obtain the ETH price quoted against three different fiat currencies. If they use only a single-word DR job, it would require three different requests. To make that more efficient, they can use multi word responses to do it all in a single request as shown in the following example:
```
